README.md, before:

# DeepSeek R1 - Web UI - Docker

This project sets up a Docker-based environment for running the DeepSeek model using Ollama and a web UI.

## Prerequisites

- Docker
- Docker Compose

## Getting Started

1. Clone the repository:
    ```sh
    git clone https://github.com/gabrielalmir/deepseek.git
    cd deepseek
    ```

2. Build and start the services:
    ```sh
    docker-compose up --build
    ```

3. Access the web UI:
    Open your browser and go to `http://localhost:3000`.

## Project Structure

- `entrypoint.sh`: Script to start the Ollama service and download the DeepSeek model.
- `Dockerfile`: Dockerfile to set up the Ollama environment.
- `compose.yaml`: Docker Compose file to define and run multi-container Docker applications.

## Services

- **Ollama**: Serves the DeepSeek model.
- **Web UI**: Provides a user interface to interact with the DeepSeek model.

## Volumes

- `ollama`: Stores Ollama-related data.
- `open-webui`: Stores data for the web UI.

## Networks

- `deepseek`: Network for communication between the Ollama and web UI services.

## Environment Variables

- `OLLAMA_KEEP_ALIVE`: Keeps the Ollama service alive for 24 hours.
- `OLLAMA_HOST`: Sets the host for the Ollama service.

## Ports

- `11434`: Port for the Ollama service.
- `3000`: Port for the web UI.

## Deployment

The `compose.yaml` file includes deployment configurations, such as resource reservations for GPU capabilities.

## Acknowledgements

- [Ollama](https://ollama.com)
- [Open Web UI](https://github.com/open-webui/open-webui)

Commit message:

Update project for Ollama support and web UI port change
Renamed project references from DeepSeek to Ollama and updated README to reflect repository changes. Adjusted the Docker container web UI port from 3000 to 7000. Added support for additional DeepSeek models (1.5b, 8b, 14b) in the entrypoint script and added `.idea` to `.gitignore`.

README.md, after:

# Ollama - Web UI - Docker

This project sets up a Docker-based environment for running the LLMs using Ollama and a web UI.

## Prerequisites

- Docker
- Docker Compose

## Getting Started

1. Clone the repository:
    ```sh
    git clone git@github.com:artryazanov/ollama-webui-docker.git
    ```

2. Build and start the services:
    ```sh
    docker-compose up --build
    ```

3. Access the web UI:
    Open your browser and go to [http://localhost:7000](http://localhost:7000).

## Project Structure

- `entrypoint.sh`: Script to start the Ollama service and download the DeepSeek model.
- `Dockerfile`: Dockerfile to set up the Ollama environment.
- `compose.yaml`: Docker Compose file to define and run multi-container Docker applications.

## Services

- **Ollama**: Serves the DeepSeek model.
- **Web UI**: Provides a user interface to interact with the DeepSeek model.

## Volumes

- `ollama`: Stores Ollama-related data.
- `open-webui`: Stores data for the web UI.

## Networks

- `deepseek`: Network for communication between the Ollama and web UI services.

## Environment Variables

- `OLLAMA_KEEP_ALIVE`: Keeps the Ollama service alive for 24 hours.
- `OLLAMA_HOST`: Sets the host for the Ollama service.

## Ports

- `11434`: Port for the Ollama service.
- `3000`: Port for the web UI.

## Deployment

The `compose.yaml` file includes deployment configurations, such as resource reservations for GPU capabilities.

## Acknowledgements

- [Ollama](https://ollama.com)
- [Open Web UI](https://github.com/open-webui/open-webui)
